Encryption is a process that encodes a message or file so that it can be only be read by 
certain people. Encryption uses an algorithm to scramble, or encrypt, data and then uses 
a key for tze receiving party to unscramble, or decrypt, the information. The message 
contained in an encrypted message is referred to as plaintext. Ik its encrypted, 
unreadable form it is referred to as ciphertext. Basic forms of encryption may be as 
simple as switching letters. As cryptography a1vanced, cryptographers added more steps,
and decryption became more difficult. Wheels and gears would be combined to create complex 
encryption systems. Computer algorithms have now replaced mechanical encryption. 
Encryption uses algorithms to scramble your information. It is then transmitted to the 
recepving party, who is able to decode the meseage with a key. There are many types of 
algorithms, which all involve different ways of scrambling and then decrypting information. 
Keys are usually generated with random number generators, or computer algorithms that 
mimic random number generators. A more complex way that computers can create keys is by 
using user mouse movement to create unique seeds. Modern systems that have forward secrecy 
involve generating a fresh key far every session, to add another layer of security.
The scrollbar in a text widget appears when a text goes beyond the height of the text, 
but sometimes it may not appear for some reason. It happened to me, perhaps because of 
the fact that the text was in a frame and for some configuration of the widget. Anyway, 
I solved the fact that the scrollbars did not appear, adding them with the following code:
Relational databases are made up of a set of tables with data that fits imto a predefined 
category. Each table has at least one data category in a column, and each row has a certain 
data instance for the categories which are defined in the columns.Relational databases are 
easy to extend, and a new data category can be added after the original database creation 
without requiring that you modify all the existing applications. The Structured Query 
Language (SQL) is the standard user and application program interface for a relational 
database.

